{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Why I like doing what I do - why this?\
The reason I choose to dedicate myself to this is because I enjoy web development and I enjoy creating. I look at a blank screen like as if it is a drawing board where I can come up with something and make it turn to life. It gives me that same artistic feeling of playing the guitar. It is something that I can say I love to do. \
\
A bit of background and a little bit of origins - background\
I come from a family of hard workers and self made individuals. My parents went from working in the Salinas valley fields and going to school at the same time, while raising two children, to becoming a nurse and a management technician respectively. It is from them that I get my belief that hard work and determination can accomplish everything and anything. This belief is what allowed me to go through college while being a full time worker and expand my knowledge of what I enjoy doing even outside of school, taking online courses and applying my learning when I could.\
\
What I like to do besides code (artistic) - hobbies\
When I\'92m not coding or designing potential projects, I can be found either learning new songs on my guitar or lifting weights. Playing the guitar is another way I can open my mind to new creative ideas not only on how to play a certain melody but also on how to come up with new designs and new ways to tackle developing problems. As for lifting I enjoy being active and trying to stay healthy so it is something that I like to challenge myself with. Lifting gave me a stronger sense of if I can put my mind to it, I can achieve it and it worked! In my first 10-12 months of lifting I gained 20lbs of muscle!\
\
\
What I want do - future\
My future goal is to become the full product, I want to become a DevOps engineer and to do that I have to master full stack development. That means constant learning and working on new projects to expand my skillset in order to adapt to new challenges as efficiently as possible. It\'92s a long path go where I want to be but everyday offers a new opportunity to get closer to new goals and heights.  \
\
\
\
\
#EFA649 -> I like this color}